README.md, before:

# Yellowcake

[![styled with prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled_with-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![dependencies](https://david-dm.org/jinksi/netlify-cms-react-starter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/jinksi/gatsbro)

An opinionated starter project for creating lightning-fast websites with [Gatsby](https://gatsbyjs.org) v2 and [Netlify CMS](https://netlifycms.org) v2.

- **[Gatsby](https://gatsbyjs.org)** static site generator
- **[Netlify CMS](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms)** for content management

## See also

[Netlify CMS Docs](https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/)  
[Netlify CMS Repo](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms)

## Get going

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/thriveweb/yellowcake&stack=cms)

1.  Hit the **Deploy to Netlify** button. This will:

- Clone the repo into your Github account
- Create you a new project on Netlify, build & deploy

1.  Once your Netlify project has been created, check a couple of settings:

- Enable **Identity**
- Change **Registration Preferences** to **Invite Only**
- Enable **Git Gateway**

1.  Invite users (probably yourself) to enable admin access

- Open the **Identity** tab and hit **Invite Users**

## Show me the CMS!

The CMS lives at [\_\_YOUR_SITE_NAME\_\_.netlify.com/admin](https://__YOUR_SITE_NAME__.netlify.com/admin).

## Developing

1.  Clone your repo to your local machine

1.  Install dependencies

`yarn` or `npm install`

1.  Run the development server

`yarn start` or `npm run start`

If you are adding or editing content locally in the CMS, a couple of things to note:

1.  Changes will be pushed to the remote repo.

1.  You will be prompted to enter your site's url, this is necessary for Netlify Identity to manage user login. This is stored in `localStorage`, so you might have to empty your browser cache if you are switching projects but remaining on `localhost:8000`.

## Editing CMS fields

The Netlify CMS configuration is located in `public/admin/config.yml`. This is where you will configure the pages, fields, posts and settings that are editable by the CMS.

Find out more in the [Netlify CMS Docs](https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/#configuration).

## Scheduled content

Scheduled content allows you to schedule posts. Set the date / order field in a post to the feature.
For the scheduled content to appear on the website we need to deploy our website daily.

1. Setup a Netlify build hook

- Go to https://app.netlify.com/sites/_YOUR_SITE_NAME/setings/deploys/#build-hooks
- Hit at build hook button in the build hooks section
- Give it name for example: "Automatic deploy Zapier"
- Select branch, in most cases master will do.
- Hit save and copy the generated url

2. Zapier Setup

- Go to [Zapier.com](https://zapier.com/) and login
- Hit make a zap button in the right top corner
- Search for Schedule in the search bar and select "Schedule by Zapier"
- Check every day and hit continue
- Select a time and make sure trigger on weekends is turned on
- Double check your settings and hit continue
- On the left hit add a step - and search for webhook by Zapier
- Select post as action and continue
- Past in the url of our recently generated webhook in the url field
- Make sure "Payload Type" is set to form and hit continue
- check settings and hit the test button
- Check your Netlify site if there has been triggered a new deploy
- If that worked hit finish
- Give your zap a name, example: "Automatic deploy Yellowcake" and make sure your zap is turned on

That's it, you'r now ready to use scheduled content!!

Commit message:

added docs for uploadcare setup

README.md, after:

# Yellowcake

[![styled with prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled_with-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![dependencies](https://david-dm.org/jinksi/netlify-cms-react-starter.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/jinksi/gatsbro)

An opinionated starter project for creating lightning-fast websites with [Gatsby](https://gatsbyjs.org) v2 and [Netlify CMS](https://netlifycms.org) v2.

- **[Gatsby](https://gatsbyjs.org)** static site generator
- **[Netlify CMS](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms)** for content management

## See also

[Netlify CMS Docs](https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/)  
[Netlify CMS Repo](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms)

## Get going

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/thriveweb/yellowcake&stack=cms)

1.  Hit the **Deploy to Netlify** button. This will:

- Clone the repo into your Github account
- Create you a new project on Netlify, build & deploy

1.  Once your Netlify project has been created, check a couple of settings:

- Enable **Identity**
- Change **Registration Preferences** to **Invite Only**
- Enable **Git Gateway**

1.  Invite users (probably yourself) to enable admin access

- Open the **Identity** tab and hit **Invite Users**

## Show me the CMS!

The CMS lives at [\_\_YOUR_SITE_NAME\_\_.netlify.com/admin](https://__YOUR_SITE_NAME__.netlify.com/admin).

## Developing

1.  Clone your repo to your local machine

1.  Install dependencies

`yarn` or `npm install`

1.  Run the development server

`yarn start` or `npm run start`

If you are adding or editing content locally in the CMS, a couple of things to note:

1.  Changes will be pushed to the remote repo.

1.  You will be prompted to enter your site's url, this is necessary for Netlify Identity to manage user login. This is stored in `localStorage`, so you might have to empty your browser cache if you are switching projects but remaining on `localhost:8000`.

## Editing CMS fields

The Netlify CMS configuration is located in `public/admin/config.yml`. This is where you will configure the pages, fields, posts and settings that are editable by the CMS.

Find out more in the [Netlify CMS Docs](https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/#configuration).

## Uploadcare setup

Uploadcare is our file upload system. It hosts the files for us and delivers them trough their CDN network.
Each site you'll create need its own Uploadcare API key's. See below how to set this up

1. Create new project in Uploadcare and save API keys in project

- Go to [Uploadcare.com](https://uploadcare.com/accounts/login/) and login
- Once on the dashboard create a new project
- Set the name and hit create
- In the left menu click in API Keys and copy the public key
- Now open your project and open the CMS congif.yml file
- find the `media_library` settings and paste in the public key after `publicKey:`
- Done!!

For more details see the [Netlify CMS Docs](https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/uploadcare/)

## Scheduled content

Scheduled content allows you to schedule posts. Set the date / order field in a post to the feature.
For the scheduled content to appear on the website we need to deploy our website daily.

1. Setup a Netlify build hook

- Go to https://app.netlify.com/sites/_YOUR_SITE_NAME/setings/deploys/#build-hooks
- Hit at build hook button in the build hooks section
- Give it name for example: "Automatic deploy Zapier"
- Select branch, in most cases master will do.
- Hit save and copy the generated url

2. Zapier Setup

- Go to [Zapier.com](https://zapier.com/) and login
- Hit make a zap button in the right top corner
- Search for Schedule in the search bar and select "Schedule by Zapier"
- Check every day and hit continue
- Select a time and make sure trigger on weekends is turned on
- Double check your settings and hit continue
- On the left hit add a step - and search for webhook by Zapier
- Select post as action and continue
- Past in the url of our recently generated webhook in the url field
- Make sure "Payload Type" is set to form and hit continue
- check settings and hit the test button
- Check your Netlify site if there has been triggered a new deploy
- If that worked hit finish
- Give your zap a name, example: "Automatic deploy Yellowcake" and make sure your zap is turned on

That's it, you'r now ready to use scheduled content!!
